// Exerecise 1
//  Personalize your web pages. Allow users to change the theme of the page display
// between regular mode and dark mode.
// 1. Within a simple HTML document, set up a Boolean value variable to use that will toggle the color modes.
// 2. Use window.onclick to set up a function that outputs a message in the console when clicked. You can use the value of the Boolean variable.
// 3. Within the function, add a condition that checks whether the darkMode variable is true or false.
// 4. If false, then update the page style to a background color of black and a font
// color of white.
// 5. Add an else response that changes the color of the background to white and
// the color of the text to black. Also, update the value of the darkMode variable
// accordingly.

Exercise 2: Dynamically change the background of each div's color
1. Create several divs with color names in textContent.
2.Add JavaScript to add click event listeners to each element, and as each element is clicked, update the
background color of the body to match the color name in the div.

Exercise 3: Mouse Events
Our aim is to change the background color of the element on the page as the various
mouse events occur. On mousedown over the element, the element will turn green.
When the mouse is over the element, it will turn red. As the mouse moves out of the
element boundaries, the color will turn yellow. When the mouse is clicked, the color
will go green, and when the mouse is released, it will change to blue. The actions also
be logged in the console.
1. Create a blank element on the page and assign a class to it.
2. Select the element using its class name.
3. Assign a variable to the element object from the page.
4. Update the content of the element to say hello world.
5. Using the style properties of the element, update the height and width, then
add a default background color to it.
6. Create a function to handle two arguments, the first being a color value as a
string and the second being the event object of the trigger.
7. In the function, output the color value to the console, and for the event,
output the event type to the console.
8. Add event listeners to the element: mousedown, mouseover, mouseout, and
mouseup. For each of these events, send two arguments to the function that
you created: a color value and the event object.
9. Run the code and try it in your browser